1. 
    a) Users, OS, keyboard, monitor
    b) Buyers, sellers, warehouse, advertisers, payment services 
    c) Students, teachers, admin, database
    d) Users, database of area maps, business 
    e) Drivers, cameras, pedestrians

2. 
    b) 
        1. As a buyer, I want to be able to compare products so that I can make an informed descision.
        2. As a seller, I want to be able to see buyer history so I can recommend them similar purchases from my store
        3. As an advertiser, I want to see buyer history so I can market relevant products/services.
        4. As a buyer I want to save my details so that my following purchaes are faster. 

    c)
        1. As a student, I want to view all prac classes so I can choose which one to attend.
        2. As a student, I want to register for pracs so I don't miss out.
        3. As an administrator, I want to add prac classes so there are classes available to students.
        4. As an administrator, I want to remove classes so there aren't more than necessary.

    d)
        1. As a user I want to input my destination so that I can see routes available.
        2. As a user, I want to be able to save commonly visted locations so I can navigate faster in the future.
        3. As a user, I want the app to know my location so it will show me relevant maps.
        4. As a business, I want my locations visble on the map so that users know where I'm located.

4.
    Goal: To allow a user to buy a product
    Primary actor: Buyer
    Seconary actors: Seller, payment services, warehouse
    Precondition: Buyer has at least 1 item in their cart.
    Trigger: Buyer selects "Check-out" option.

        1.   Buyer enters delivery location information
        2.   System recieves information
        3.   System displays delivery options (Free, long time or paid but, shorter time etc.)
        4.   Buyer choose the option they prefer.
        5.   System displays payment options (Card, paypal etc.)
        6.   Buyer chooses preferred payment method and inputs relevant information
        7.   System confirms information is correct.
        8.   Systems asks buyer to confirm all relevant details.
        9.   Buyer selects the confirm option.
        10.  System proccesses the transaction and provides a digital reciept for the buyer.

    2A - Delivery location is not valid
        1. System notifies buyer they don't ship to their location
        2. Use case ends

    7A - Payment information is not valid
        1. System aks the user to input valid payment information
        2. Use case resumes at step 6

    10A - Buyer does not have sufficient funds to complete the transaction.
        1. System notifes the buyer of this
        2. Use resumes at step 6
